Autodesk® DWG TrueView 2021 Release Notes

This document contains the latest information for Autodesk® DWG TrueView 2021. For reference, save or print this document.

It is strongly recommended that you read this entire document before you install this product.

Install

Recommended: Install all Windows Updates before installing this product.
Installing Autodesk® DWG TrueView 2021 on a Windows 32-bit platform is not supported.
Product Help

The product Help, the Driver and Peripheral Guide, and the Release Notes are available in the Install directory Help folder after the installation. You can launch the Installation Help, System Requirements, or the Release Notes during installation or after the product is installed.
Point Cloud

You cannot view certain point cloud files in DWG TrueView if your graphics card does not support OpenGL® 3.3 or later. In addition, you cannot view these files in a Windows remote desktop session.
DWG Convert EXE's and ZIP's Fail

The Zip option with the DWG Convert now creates UTF-8 zip files. This means that if you package drawings that have names that included extended text font characters, the names will not display correctly. This is because zip utilities do not support UTF-8 format zip files. You need to use zip utilities such as 7-Zip to correctly display/extract files.
Opening Damaged Drawings

When opening a damaged drawing, a dialog box appears asking the user to fix the file with the Recover command. This command is not implemented in TrueView. Instead, use the Check and fix errors option as follows.
Click the DWG Convert button.
Select the damaged file.
Click Conversion Setups.
Select "Standard" and click New.
Name the new setup (for example, Recover).
In the Modify Conversion Setup dialog box, set the Conversion packaged type to Folder (set of files).
Note: Do not select in-place (overwrite files), as this may cause conversion errors.
In the Action area, select Check and fix errors, and click OK.

Copyright ©2020 Autodesk, Inc.